Update crud-modules.md (#373)
area17/twill: docs/.sections/crud-modules.md

    // Optional, to specify a different feature field name than the default 'featured'
    protected $featureField = 'featured';

>     // Optional, specify number of items per page in the listing view (-1 to disable pagination). Setting ignored if sorting is enabled

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    // Optional, specify number of items per page in the listing view (-1 to disable pagination). This is ignored when the reorder index option and the HasPosition trait are enabled so that you can reorder without having an issue with pagination.
```
